[docs] Guides rework (#672)
software-mansion/live-compositor: docs/pages/guides/quick-start.md

        |> get_child(:live_compositor),

        ...
      ]
      {[spec: spec], %{}}
    end
    ```
    where `video_input_2_spec` and `audio_input_2_spec` are elements that produce H264 video and Opus audio respectively.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Register output stream `output_1`.

Configure it to:
- render an empty [`View`](../api/components/View.md) component with a background color set to `#4d4d4d` (gray)
- produce silent audio

<Tabs queryString="lang">
  <TabItem value="http" label="HTTP">
    ```http
    POST: /api/output/output_1/register
    Content-Type: application/json

    {
      "type": "rtp_stream",
      "transport_protocol": "tcp_server",
      "port": 9003,
      "video": {
        "resolution": { "width": 1280, "height": 720 },
        "encoder": {
          "type": "ffmpeg_h264",
          "preset": "ultrafast"
        },
        "initial": {
          "root": {
            "type": "view",
            "background_color_rgba": "#4d4d4dff"
          }
        }
      },
      "audio": {
        "encoder": {
          "type": "opus",
          "channels": "stereo"
        },
        "initial": {
          "inputs": []
        }
      }
    }
    ```

>     You can configure output framerate and sample rate using [`LIVE_COMPOSITOR_OUTPUT_FRAMERATE`](../deployment/configuration.md#live_compositor_output_framerate) and [`LIVE_COMPOSITOR_OUTPUT_SAMPLE_RATE`](../deployment/configuration.md#live_compositor_output_sample_rate) environmental variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can configure the output framerate and the sample rate using [`LIVE_COMPOSITOR_OUTPUT_FRAMERATE`](../deployment/configuration.md#live_compositor_output_framerate) and [`LIVE_COMPOSITOR_OUTPUT_SAMPLE_RATE`](../deployment/configuration.md#live_compositor_output_sample_rate) environment variables.
```

          width: 1280,
          height: 720,
          encoder: %LiveCompositor.Encoder.FFmpegH264{
            preset: :ultrafast
          },
          initial: %{
            root: %{
              type: :view,
              background_color_rgba: "#4d4d4dff",
            },
          }
        ])
        |> video_output_1_spec,
        
        get_child(:live_compositor)
        |> via_out(Pad.ref(:audio_output, "audio_output_1"), options: [
          encoder: LiveCompositor.Encoder.Opus.t(),
          initial: %{
            inputs: []
          }
        ])
        |> audio_output_1_spec

        ...
      ]
      {[spec: spec], %{}}
    end
    ```
    where `video_output_1_spec` and `audio_output_1_spec` are elements that can consume H264 video and Opus audio respectively.

    You can configure output framerate and sample rate using [`framerate` and `output_sample_rate` bin options](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_live_compositor_plugin/Membrane.LiveCompositor.html#module-bin-options).
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

`View` component does not have any children, so on the output you should see just a blank screen of a specified color as shown below.

> `inputs` list is empty, so the output audio will be silent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `initial.inputs` list in audio config is empty, so the output audio will be silent.
```
I would check how those 2 sentences looks as bullet point, it might look better

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
    <img src={QuickStartEmpty} style={{ width: 600 }} />
    Output stream
</div>

## Update output

Configure it to:

> - show `input_1` and `input_2` [`InputSteams`](../api/components/InputStream.md) using [`Tiles`](../api/components/Tiles.md) component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show input streams `input_1` and `input_2`  using [`Tiles`](../api/components/Tiles.md) component.
```
You linked to the input stream component, but you are referring to input stream itself, not the element of the scene. Also, it looks a bit wierd on the website.

> - mix slightly silenced audio from `input_1` and audio from `input_2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mix audio from input streams `input_1` and `input_2`, where `input_1` volume is slightly lowered.
```
